ay zawari al zawari
hello, girls, how much is it to me?
you say that there was more day left and this video
I think you may like it a lot I come
to tell you about my last
Discoveries or my latest purchases
low cost and how good I think you
can you like me personally is
Well, I'm not doing his paper
I'm very happy with each of them
and that's why I wanted to teach you and apart
Well, if it's good, better price
you better not so good because we will
start
first of all I wanted to tell you about this one
the labial of mix ni is a low signature
cost that he used many years ago and
I like it, I like it quite honestly
I think you have good products to a
good price also then the
quality-price is perfect this product
in question I really like what I wear
put in the video that I posted on Monday
is a good ryan has gross format
Even the applicator is very similar but
the finish is like lipstick is a mixture
between lip gloss because it has a
it has the cover maybe of labial but
the glossy finish of a gloss and
it is also long-lasting and something else
good that you have to prove is that if you
you've been here for a whole hour or even less
the lips and then remove it with paper
from the toilet itself or a napkin if
it's going to look like you're wearing a dye
lipstick so I think you can take it out
a lot of game and I do not know I think it's a
good product so you know that you
I leave all the info for
you can buy them or even give them a
look just below this video the
information box
continuing with the labials this
I also liked it a lot and it's good
one pass is a nice pretty red e
Intense pigmented finish is matte
but then what these lipsticks have
is that they do not dry in excess, fix them
please in colors that I do not know if it is appreciated
to see if you can see it
I do not know if he 's looking good but he's
much more intense than how they come out in
camera is a red or red with a point of
Strawberry
and wait and do a validation check
is that I wanted to see if it was similar
the dragon girl
this is the dragon girl rode and as
You see, it's a little different, it's a
little clearer but good this is the one of
anise and I find it beautiful apart and you
I say it 's pretty opaque of the
Finish regulation plus innovation
much more elegant lipsticks
matte finish and well I told you
that is wonderful and that of course what
I recommend
I do not know if done but removing melo
that leaving the hand very clean good
the last thing next is I want
teach the enamel that I wear
right now that we go has nothing to
see what it looks like on camera so
see if I can upload a photo to my
social networks so you can see it sometimes
if it is better appreciated it is a color
totally neon is a coral but
striking bright phosphorescent
totally and as you see in camera it seems
a coral color I do not understand it to see if
if he pushed it farther away when I put the rubber on
it looks but
but hey, he has not just appreciated
it is very beautiful the only thing that I do not
convinces of this enamel is the brush not
is not accurate and you have to be careful
because if you do not get stained by
side and the truth is that it is not very
comfortable but otherwise I like it has
good coverage and durability
also pretty good and then the
last time I went to the boy
you know that it has many colors
of enamels and well I like to spend
once in a while to entertain me and
always the truth is that something good falls
that I take this nail base
because the truth is that he did not have any
and the girl who answered me said that
it was very good so that it did not yellow in the
nail because you already know that if you just
paint them go very often at the end
it ends up taking a color like this
yellowish that the truth is that it is not
very aesthetic and also what it does is
prepare the nail to keep them
let's put below then we
endure much longer and protect
also the nail
so well then it's also used
just to light with the product
above no glaze on top but it
there is a little bit more then I
I prefer to put a layer of this first
and then the enamel in question that
fact is how I wear it already
last I wanted taught this product of
kiko that I bought very little ago I think
which is limited edition format
that fits in tube and also brings a
dispenser
and it's also perfect for oily skin
because it does not contain any kind of
oils are quickly absorbed into the skin and
good about him that is a moisturizer
sorry I got stuck is a moisturizer
of day of little you are going to see with my hand
red sticky that so that I know that
taketh me with the door has a color
champagne but
yes, it is true that when he blurs
It has a very smooth texture the smell
it's practically I do not know practically no
It has a smell and I tell you that they spread
very well the soft texture is about
also quickly and what in the end
leaves are a few finite flashes is
say as luminosity the skin and see
that time is coming because I think that these
products are essential apart
has a sun protection factor of
10 and apart stimulates the renewal
cellular and contributes to the increase in
soto collagen production that
honestly I'm using a lot and
nothing then that, so really
these are the low cost products in a
very little term that I'm using
I'll be a pity ball, I hope
as well I told you that everyone has
liked a lot as a rule and for
I wanted to teach that so nothing
this is the video built for today
I hope you liked it a lot
I have commented as I always say
If you have recently done some
crazy discovery do not forget disarm
the comments because I'm interested and
nothing that many thanks for being
there again every week and we see each other very
soon goodbye